feat(Unity): Updated `options` and error capture explainer (#12904)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/unity/usage/automatic-error-capture/index.mdx

## UnityLogHandlerIntegration

The SDK uses the `UnityLogHandlerIntegration` to hook into Unity's logging system. From there it receives all log messages that are logged via the `Debug.Log`, `Debug.LogWarning`, and `Debug.LogError` methods and those log messages are added as breadcrumbs to future events. By default, the SDK will also automatically capture messages logged via `Debug.LogError` as error events and send them to Sentry. This behaviour can be disabled by unchecking the automatic capture of `Debug.LogError` on the `Enrichment` tab, or programmatically, by setting the `CaptureLogErrorEvents` option to `false` in the [configure callback](/platforms/unity/configuration/options/programmatic-configuration).

### Stack Trace Support & Line Numbers

If [configured](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/stack-trace.html), Unity will include the stack traces with the log messages as raw strings. The SDK is able to parse and display this stack trace in the issues details.

> If you're using Unity 6 or newer, you have the option to to enable the source code line numbers in the [player settings](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/il2cpp-managed-stack-traces.html). These line numbers are then part of the stringified stack trace and will be parsed by the SDK. Unfortunately, since there is no native exception at the time of logging, the SDK is not be able to provide line numbers otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Unity 6 or newer, you have the option to to enable the source code line numbers in the [player settings](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/il2cpp-managed-stack-traces.html). These line numbers are then part of the stringified stack trace and will be parsed by the SDK. In order to get line number for log messages, this option must be turned on. For `Log.LogException`, this option isn't required since Sentry can [symbolicate server-side](/platforms/unity/configuration/il2cpp/) the stack trace and add line mumbers.
```

Author: Updated this to be more clear about the limitation.
